[Theme] Restructure component definitions (#22293)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md

  +},
  ```

- The components' definition inside the theme were restructure under the `components` key, to allow people easier discoverability about the definitions regarding one component.

1. `props`

```diff
import { createMuiTheme } from '@material-ui/core/styles';

const theme = createMuitheme({
-  props: {
-    MuiButton: {
-      disableRipple: true,
-    },
-  },
+  components: {
+    MuiButton: {
+      props: {
+        disableRipple: true,
+      },
+    },
+  },
});
```

2. `overrides`

```diff
import { createMuiTheme } from '@material-ui/core/styles';

const theme = createMuitheme({
-  overrides: {
-    MuiButton: {
-      root: { padding: 0 },
-    },
-  },
+  components: {
+    MuiButton: {
+      overrides: {
+        root: { padding: 0 },
+      },
+    },
+  },
});
```

> For allowing smoother transition, we've created an adapter for v4 theme that clients can use, so they can iteratively upgrade to the new theme structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a smoother transition, the `adaptV4Theme` helper allows you to iteratively upgrade to the new theme structure. Note that it will display a deprecation warning in the console, since it will be removed at the next major release.
```
